# Mecenate v1.0.2

## #100builders #backdrop #sismo #scaffold-eth #buildguild

This project is dedicated to anyone who wishes to exchange information and data anonymously, while also providing a system designed to filter and ensure the quality of the data received.

## Update 02/09/2023 v1.0.3

- [x] Fix bug about global state in the UI.
- [x] Add badge to the header.
- [x] Fixed errors MecenateBay.sol.

## Update 30/08/2023 v1.0.2

- [x] UI now updates in real-time to reflect transactions instantly.
- [x] Reduced reliance on `ResponseConnect`; shifted to hash-based identification (`hash(vaultId)`).
- [x] MecenateVault is now a standalone feature, making it independent of any specific protocol.
- [x] Don't need anymore to deposit into vault to use the protocol.

## Update 27/08/2023 v1.0.1

- [x] Create a wallet contract where deposits are only possible with one's own commitment hash.
- [x] Modify the protocol to integrate it with the wallet and with zkproofs generated by Sismo.
- [x] Implement SismoConnect.
- [x] Implement the new protocol in the frontend.
- [x] Sismo Integration for zk-proof 🎉

## Todo

- Need to improve the viewFeed Page.
- Add support for upload different files type like video, audio zip files.

enjoy the beta on : https://mecenate.vercel.app/

## Current State v1.0.0:

Currently, the protocol allows the anonymous purchase and sale of data of any kind. However, in the old version, the user is required to generate keys and store them locally in order to encrypt and decrypt the data sold or purchased. In this new version, I would like to optimize this process by making it as anonymous as possible by integrating Sismo. This integration will also lead to a significant modification of the backend, consisting of the Solidity contracts of the protocol. Therefore, the first phase is to rewrite the contracts, interfacing them with zk-proof instead of keys generated offline, and then move on to implementation in the backend.

[feed video demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCfASOjT04Y&list=PLTenf2t5YuIp68AlFJWjFiJtf4svPuQiX)

- [**Mecente Protocol v1.0.0**](./#mecente-protocol-v100)
  - [💡 CONCEPT](./#-concept)
    - [Introduction](./#introduction)
    - [Features](./#features)
  - [🚀 QUICK START](./#-quick-start)
    - [Development Notes](./#development-notes)
    - [Treasury & DAO](./#treasury--dao)
    - [Contribution](./#contribution)

## 💡 CONCEPT

---

### Introduction

I have created a protocol called Mecenate for the Buidlguidl hackathon. The protocol is inspired by the [Erasure Protocol](https://github.com/erasureprotocol/erasure-protocol), which is the backbone of the NMR token. Mecenate is a decentralized and anonymous data exchange protocol that is designed to improve upon the functions of the Erasure Protocol.

As a solo developer, this project was ambitious to undertake, and there is a possibility that the current version 1 deployed on the Polygon Mumbai network may have some bugs. I invite other developers who share a passion for decentralized data exchange to join this project and help it reach its full potential. Additionally, we welcome users to report any errors or bugs they may encounter in the protocol's contracts or frontend.

Mecenate Protocol allows for secure and private information sharing and is designed to improve upon the functions of the Erasure Protocol.

### Features

Mecenate consists of several applications, including:

- 📄Mecenate Feed: A smart contract protocol for sharing information privately and anonymously, similar to the Erasure Protocol clone.
- 📣Mecenate Bay: A Dapp marketplace built on top of Mecenate Feed.
- 🆔Mecenate Vault

## 🚀 QUICK START

---

To get started with Scaffold-Eth 2, follow the steps below:

1.  Clone this repo & install dependencies

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/scobru/mecenate-monorepo.git
    cd mecenate-monorepo
    yarn
    ```

2.  Run a local network in the first terminal:

    ```bash
    yarn chain
    ```

3.  This command deploys a test smart contract to the local network. The contract is located in packages/hardhat/contracts and can be modified to suit your needs. The yarn deploy command uses the deploy script located in packages/hardhat/deploy to deploy the contract to the network. You can also customize the deploy script.
4.  On a third terminal, start your NextJS app:

    ```bash
    yarn start
    ```

### Development Notes

The folder structure:

```bash
client  ts-node cli
nextjs  nextjs app
hardhat hardhat app
```

The Mecenate repository is composed of ScaffoldEth-2 and another application called "client", which allows interaction with the protocol through a command-line interface written in TypeScript.

### Treasury & DAO

Mecenate possesses a treasury that collects the fees accumulated from the use of the protocol's contracts. The plan is to create a treasury controlled by a DAO, which is aimed at making the protocol completely decentralized.

### Contribution

Other developers who share a passion for decentralized data exchange are invited to join this project and help it reach its full potential.

Thank you for taking the time to read about Mecenate, and we look forward to sharing more updates soon.
